How to use
---------------------------

Run "npm install" inside this project folder to install all dependencies.

Make sure you use the latest version of the CLI (upgrade guide below)

Run "ng serve" to see the app in action.

Feel free to compare it with your project code to spot any errors you might have.


----------------------------
How to upgrade the CLI

Run the below commands - only use "sudo" on Mac/ Linux.

sudo npm uninstall -g angular-cli @angular/cli
npm cache clean
sudo npm install -g @angular/cli

-----------------------------
Usage


Warning: we strongly recommend node >=v6.9.0 and npm >=3.0.0

npm i - Installs everything needed

npm start - Starts the app. Then, go to localhost:4200

npm run test - Runs unit tests with karma and jasmine

npm run e2e - Runs end to end tests

npm run e2e:home - Runs end to end tests only for the home directory. There are more commands like this one, for development purposes

npm run build - Builds the app for production

npm run lint - Runs the linter (tslint)

npm run ci - Executes linter and tests

npm run deploy - Builds the app and deploy it to Github pages (angular-cli-ghpages) (fork to do this and remove CNAME file)

npm run sme - Builds and runs source map explorer, really cool :)

npm run release - Creates a new release using standard-version

npm run docker - Builds the docker image and run the container

Windows: use precompilation to speed up

tsc --project tsconfig.json npm start


------------------------------
Features

Responsive layout (flex layout module)
Internationalization
Lazy loading modules
Interceptors and Events (Progress bar active, if a request is pending)
CRUD: create, update and remove heroes
Search bar, to look for heroes
Modal and toasts (snakbar)!
Unit tests with Jasmine and Karma including code coverage
End-to-end tests with Protractor
ES6 Promises
Github pages deploy ready
Google Tag Manager
Modernizr (browser features detection)
Following the best practices!
Docker

You can build the image and run the container with Docker. The configuration is in the nginx folder if you want to change it.

docker build -t angularexampleapp .

docker run -d -p 4200:80 angularexampleapp

Thanks to avatsaev!

Travis CI

We use Travis CI to run this tasks in order:

Linter
Tests
Build for production
Deploy in Github pages :)
Contributing

Please see the CONTRIBUTING file for guidelines.
Create pull requests, submit bugs, suggest new features or documentation updates :wrench:
Server

This repo is using an API which is a minimal app in NodeJS deployed on Heroku and using PostGreSQL, to create, modify and delete heroes.

--------------------------------




